figlet: 2 more commands and Spanish translation (#12505)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/figlet.md

- Show available FIGlet fonts:

`showfigfonts {{optional_string_to_display}}`

> - Use the full width of your [t]erminal and [c]enter the inputting text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the full width of the [t]erminal and [c]enter the input text:
```

Author: Sensible choice, I used "inputting" word because it was already used in the first example command so I'm going to change that also
